Yep.
Let's begin with the code.
And I already done this.
We have taken the solution.
Scoby, based from here.
Laceration solution rate and.
Wilson, please.
This is Max profit getting key.
We are getting pricey, Larry.
And I'm just taking it taken as an example, too.
And the example in this check whether our solution gives us a correct answer or not.
Let's quickly call it.
And these are the reconciliations that we'll use.
So, yeah.
In Italy.
Okay.
So let's say 2010 some DB and I initially let okay, let me write DP first.
I come by?
Come.
Yeah, the next one can be gay and the third one can be lasting.
And we prices vector right.
Prices.
It just property prices at this rate.
And this will tell me something called handsome pool.
So now let's fill the biscuits.
Initial guesses there is zero.
We are starting from using index.
Initially I want to buy it so I just mean by equals to true here will be parsed as it is and the prices
vector should be passed as it is it.
So what's the first case that I'm doing if I'm not doing anything?
Don't.
I can wait.
I'm not doing anything.
Or I'll simply say that and say, okay, I press one.
The other states remain as it is and just past the crisis after the next one is.
If I want to buy it.
If I want to buy, the buy should be true.
And I should have this limit of transactions.
And that means I'm performing a transaction here.
So maybe before moving forward, because this case is valid for both buy and sell, what I can say is
if case equals to zero, I'll simply return back.
So if gays zero, I can not buy and I can never sell because if gays zero, that means the Bible is
not true.
Eric.
Badges are done there so that we don't have to worry about gay anymore.
Now, gay will be greater than greater than equal to one.
So if answer if I'm going to bite, then what it becomes, it becomes price is I plus dp i plus one.
I have bought it, so now I will become false and it will be as it is and prices will be.
So I will only make one transaction when I'm selling it.
If buy was not true, that means I am selling it.
So let me sell it.
Okay.
So this is prices because I'm selling your time getting some money I just added and from my bliss one
from the remaining it'll tell me if I want to buy now because I want it now.
I'm on a buying spree that I want to pay and the transactions have reduced by one.
Because when I'm selling a stock, they didn't have already bought it.
So the whole transaction is happening over here.
So let's write some businesses.
What's the basis?
If.
If it reaches the end, it is prices or stays.
Then simply return zero because now I have an empty area and I can never buy or sell in that as in zero
eight.
Otherwise yeah.
Otherwise I think everything else is full.
They all.
Also, we have made this case for gay men.
Case zero I will never by normal that means I don't have to worry about gay anymore.
But I do remember this case should be below this first case.
Why?
Because the first cases I'm not buying or selling so gay doesn't.
So the.
I can skip any number of elements to the end.
Eight eight.
So this was one problem.
And now the second part of it is, let's say I just I'm just giving you some follow problems.
What if it was written that you completed at most grade on the exchange rate?
But what if it said, instead of seeing at most cadence the actions it said exactly.
Grade on the actions.
Then you have to do exactly get on the exams and tell me what is the best value in there.
In that case, what you could have done is you could have said that.
In the base case when leaving.
What we would have done is if all the kid and the kids were used, then I would have returned something
like zero.
Otherwise I would have written something very negative so that it doesn't affect my fans.
I hope that's very clear.
If it is exactly clear, then the base case will only change.
Eight.
Cool.
So
let's build it quickly.
Okay.
So we are getting seven.
And the complexity of this solution right now is a it's a recursive solution, but let's memorize it
very quickly.
It's take memo.
And okay so I is what is the con.
It's so prices landed.
Housing is under dollars 2001 and five will be the true or false and.
He's hungry, so I've just taken all of them.
Memo said.
Memo minus once.
I love memo.
And yeah, it's very.
It's memory.
So if my memo I buy.
It is not equal to minus one written memo.
I buy and it doesn't even bounce.
It will never go negative because I have more scared on the extremes to do it.
If I if I had to segregate on the actions, the answer could have been negative eight because now the
transactions are compulsory.
So I have to go in laws editing.
Cool.
And this will be copied.
Paste.
So that's the workings of the chain of events in the next part.
Let's see some other partitioning problems.